# Prestashop Backup to Cloud

This project is designed to automate the process of connecting to a web server hosting a PrestaShop website, compressing the www directory, transferring it to a Mega account using SCP, and uploading it to Mega for backup purposes.

Note: Currently, this project supports Mega as the cloud storage provider. However, we welcome Pull Requests (PRs) from the community to integrate additional cloud storage providers.

## Requirements
- [Mega](http://mega.io) account (for cloud storage)
- SSH access to the remote PrestaShop server

## Setup
1. Clone this repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/kilianp07/Prestashop-Backup-to-Cloud.git && 
cd Prestashop-Backup-to-Cloud
```

2. Configure the SSH known_hosts file in the ./docker/.ssh directory with the host key of your PrestaShop server.

3. Configure the config.json file in the ./docker/conf directory with your server and Mega account details (sample provided below).

4. Run the project using Docker Compose:
```bash
docker-compose up
```

## Configuration (config.json)
```json
{
    "ssh":{
        "host": "your_server_ip_or_hostname",
        "port": 22,
        "user": "your_ssh_username",
        "password": "your_ssh_password"
    },
    "folder": {
        "location": "/path/to/your/PrestaShop/www",
        "compression": true
    },
    "mega": {
        "login": "your_mega_email",
        "password": "your_mega_password"
    }
}
```
- `ssh`: SSH server details for your PrestaShop host.
- `folder`: Folder configuration, including the location of your PrestaShop www directory and whether compression is enabled.
- `mega`: Mega account details for cloud storage.

## Usage
This project is intended to be run using Docker Compose as described in the Setup section. It will automatically execute backups based on the provided config.json and the defined cron schedule.

## Contribution
Contributions are welcome! If you have any improvements or suggestions, please open an issue or submit a pull request. We encourage the community to contribute and expand the project to support additional cloud storage providers.

<!-- gomarkdoc:embed:start -->

<!-- Code generated by gomarkdoc. DO NOT EDIT -->

# Prestashop\-Backup\-to\-Google\-Drive

```go
import "github.com/kilianp07/Prestashop-Backup-to-Cloud"
```

## Index



Generated by [gomarkdoc](<https://github.com/princjef/gomarkdoc>)


<!-- gomarkdoc:embed:end -->